Remove pushgateway documentation (#117)
tikv/website: content/docs/3.0/tasks/monitor/tikv-cluster.md

### Set up the monitoring system

> You can use your existing [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) server to pull metrics from TiKV, or quickly create your first server below. This pairs well with [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) for monitoring.

Author: I replaced this with "bootstrap a test server" since I don't want to imply this is a production setup.

      https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lest/prometheus-rpm/master/RPM-GPG-KEY-prometheus-rpm
gpgcheck=1
metadata_expire=300
EOT
cat <<EOT > /etc/yum.repos.d/grafana.repo
[grafana]
name=grafana
baseurl=https://packages.grafana.com/oss/rpm
repo_gpgcheck=1
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://packages.grafana.com/gpg.key
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
EOT
yum install -y prometheus grafana
systemctl enable --now prometheus grafana-server
```

Browse to [port 3000 on the host](http://127.0.0.1:3000) and you should be able to log in with `admin`/`admin`.

## Configuring Prometheus

Edit the `/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml` and edit the `scrape_configs` block:

```yaml
global:
  scrape_interval:     15s
  evaluation_interval: 15s
  external_labels:
    cluster: 'test-cluster'
    monitor: "prometheus"

scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'pd'
    honor_labels: true
    static_configs:
      - targets:
        - '127.0.0.1:2379'
  - job_name: 'tikv'
    honor_labels: true
    static_configs:
      - targets:
        - '127.0.0.1:20160'
```

Restart Prometheus with `systemctl restart prometheus`.

#### Configuring Grafana

>  Visiting [Add a Data Source](http://127.0.0.1:3000/datasources/new), choose Prometheus and add the URL or your Prometheus server (`http://127.0.0.1:9090`). Finally, save & test it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To configure Grafana:
```

Reviewer: No need to repeat the steps below

Author: Can't believe I missed that! xD

1. Log in to the [Grafana Web interface](http://127.0.0.1:3000/) (default login `admin`/`admin`).
2. Visit [Add a data source](http://127.0.0.1:3000/datasources/new).
3. Specify the data source information:
    - Specify the name for the data source.
    - For Type, select Prometheus.
    - For Url, specify the Prometheus address.
    - Specify other fields as needed.
4. Click 'Test & Save' to save the new data source.

#### Create a Grafana dashboard

1. Click the Grafana logo to open the sidebar menu.
2. Visit [Import Dashboard](http://127.0.0.1:3000/dashboard/import).
3. Paste in, or upload the JSON dashboard.
4. Hit 'Load'.

#### Grafana Dashboard Templates

> The TiKV community has developed several useful dashboards to get you started with Grafana! You made need to adjust some settings, poarticularly if you configured the `external_labels` option in the `prometheus.yml` configuration above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TiKV community has developed several useful dashboards to get you started with Grafana. You may need to adjust some settings, particularly if you configured the `external_labels` option in the `prometheus.yml` configuration above.
```
